fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 341-360 (#42998)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-352-blood-tests.md

Because of the high cost, the vet-in-charge suggests that instead of performing 25 separate tests, the following procedure can be used instead:

The sheep are split into 5 groups of 5 sheep in each group. For each group, the 5 samples are mixed together and a single test is performed. Then,

- If the result is negative, all the sheep in that group are deemed to be virus-free.
- If the result is positive, 5 additional tests will be performed (a separate test for each animal) to determine the affected individual(s).

Since the probability of infection for any specific animal is only 0.02, the first test (on the pooled samples) for each group will be:

- Negative (and no more tests needed) with probability ${0.98}^5 = 0.9039207968$.
- Positive (5 additional tests needed) with probability $1 - 0.9039207968 = 0.0960792032$.

Thus, the expected number of tests for each group is $1 + 0.0960792032 × 5 = 1.480396016$.

Consequently, all 5 groups can be screened using an average of only $1.480396016 × 5 = \mathbf{7.40198008}$ tests, which represents a huge saving of more than 70%!

> Although the scheme we have just described seems to be very efficient, it can still be improved considerably (always assuming that the test is sufficiently sensitive and that there are no adverse effects caused by mixing different samples). E.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the scheme we have just described seems to be very efficient, it can still be improved considerably (always assuming that the test is sufficiently sensitive and no adverse effects are caused by mixing different samples). E.g.:
```

> - We may start by running a test on a mixture of all the 25 samples. It can be verified that in about 60.35% of the cases this test will be negative, thus no more tests will be needed. Further testing will only be required for the remaining 39.65% of the cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We may start by running a test on a mixture of all 25 samples. It can be verified that in about 60.35% of the cases this test will be negative, thus You will need no more tests. Further testing will only be required for the remaining 39.65% of the cases.
```
